gift of nil gift of old bless the
righteousness guide my hand against the
darkness my final stand
Barbara I want to get to know you a
little bit more you have many friends
what about your sister I play your
dragons or whatever if you ask me to I
would be hilarious what are you doing
what's it for there's some serious stuff
going down I find Giants I hunt you
I feel joyous cool yeah that's it dark
omens are totally cool
a giant comes in place and takes
everything from you then when it's done
it's like anything that made your life
good wasn't never even there try it's
not real
[Music]
I know that no one likes me I know that
everything I do looks crazy
this isn't real we're gonna save this
town
[Music]
there are times where you have to ask
yourself so I want to live my life is a
coward or a warrior
[Music]